Splitted CEP to separate repository (#68)
holgerteichgraeber/ClustForOpt.jl: docs/src/index.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://holgerteichgraeber.github.io/ClustForOpt.jl/dev)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/holgerteichgraeber/ClustForOpt.jl.svg?token=HRFemjSxM1NBCsbHGNDG&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/holgerteichgraeber/ClustForOpt.jl)

> [ClustForOpt](https://github.com/holgerteichgraeber/ClustForOpt.jl) is a [julia](https://www.juliaopt.com) implementation of clustering methods for finding representative periods for optimization problems. A utilization in a scalable capacity expansion problem can be found in the package [CEP](https://github.com/YoungFaithful/CEP.jl).

Author: linking the other

> [ClustForOpt](https://github.com/holgerteichgraeber/ClustForOpt.jl) is a [julia](https://www.juliaopt.com) implementation of clustering methods for finding representative periods for optimization problems. A utilization in a scalable capacity expansion problem can be found in the package [CEP](https://github.com/YoungFaithful/CEP.jl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ClustForOpt](https://github.com/holgerteichgraeber/ClustForOpt.jl) is a [julia](https://www.juliaopt.com) implementation of clustering methods for finding representative periods for optimization problems. An example use case of a scalable capacity expansion problem can be found in the package [CEP](https://github.com/YoungFaithful/CEP.jl).
```
